.TH man 1 "23 10 2018" "1.0" "oauth-ssh-config man page"
.SH NAME
oauth-ssh-config - register a FQDN with your SSH service Globus Auth client
.SH SYNOPSIS
oauth-ssh-config [--client_id <id>] [--client_secret <secret>] register <fqdn>
.SH DESCRIPTION
This script allows you to register a fully qualified domain name <fqdn>
with your SSH for Globus Auth service so that users of the oauth-ssh
client can access it as 'oauth-ssh <FQDN>'. Without this association, users
will be unable to use Globus Auth to authorize to your SSH service.

During the registration process, Globus Auth will validate your ownership of
the given <fqdn> by resolving a DNS TXT record at client_id.<fqdn> whose
contents must be equal to the client_id value specified below. The process
is idempotent; you may successfully run the script multiple times using the
same <fqdn>.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "--client_id <id>"
.I <id>
is the Globus Auth client id associated with your SSH service when it was
registered at https://developers.globus.org/. Alternatively, this value can
be specified in the
.I CLIENT_ID
environment variable. If neither value is available,
.I oauth-ssh-config
will retrieve the value of
.I auth_client_id
from
.I /etc/oauth-ssh/globus-ssh.conf

.IP "--client_secret <secret>"
.I <id>
is the Globus Auth client secret associated with your SSH service when it was
registered at https://developers.globus.org/. Alternatively, this value can
be specified in the
.I CLIENT_SECRET
environment variable. If neither value is available,
.I oauth-ssh-config
will retrieve the value of
.I auth_client_secret
from
.I /etc/oauth-ssh/globus-ssh.conf

.IP "register <fqdn>"
Register
.I <fqdn>
with Globus Auth and associate
.I <fqdn>
with the Globus Auth client specied with
.I --client_id
allowing authorized users for oauth-ssh to access your SSH service.

.SH EXIT_VALUES
On success, the script will print "Success" and exit with a value of 0. On
error, the script will exit with a non zero value and print a useful message.

.SH ENVIRONMENT

.IP CLIENT_ID
Alternative to using --client_id command line option.

.IP CLIENT_SECRET
Alternative to using --client_secret command line option.

.SH FILES
.IP /etc/oauth-ssh/globus-ssh.conf
The values of
.I auth_client_id
and
.I auth_client_secret
are used for
.I --client_id
and
.I --client_secret
respectively when neither the options nor the environment variables are used.

.SH EXAMPLES
Associate client 779714b7-d1c1-c3f4b536f2a5 with ssh.example.com:

    # oauth-ssh-config --client_id 779714b7-d1c1-c3f4b536f2a5 --client_secret gVJaFZk8K0JeRCRDTxTKJjchgcFfcs= register ssh.example.com
      Success

Same example but using alternative environment variables:

    # CLIENT_ID=779714b7-d1c1-c3f4b536f2a5 CLIENT_SECRET=gVJaFZk8K0JeRCRDTxTKJjchgcFfcs= oauth-ssh-config register ssh.example.com
      Success
.SH AUTHOR
Globus Support <support@globus.org>
